README.md, before:

# jeuuuuu

Simple SDL2/SDL2_ttf/SDL2_image project example.

## Requirements

- SDL2
- SDL2_ttf
- SDL2_image
- Make

## Build

```sh
make
```

Artifacts are placed in `build/` and the executable in `bin/arme_fatal`.

## Run

```sh
make run
```

## Lint

```sh
./scripts/lint.sh
```

## Project layout

```
bin/          - built executable
build/        - build directory (ignored)
include/      - public headers
lib/          - external libraries (optional)
scripts/      - helper scripts
src/          - source files
assets/       - game assets such as menu backgrounds
```

## AI Integration

The project includes a `GameAI` helper that invokes `scripts/ai_prompt.py` to
generate text using a local TinyLlama model.

1. Install the Python bindings:

   ```sh
   pip install llama-cpp-python
   ```

   Or build `llama.cpp` manually:

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/ggerganov/llama.cpp
   cd llama.cpp && make
   ```

2. Place the `TinyLlama.Q4_0.gguf` model in the `models/` directory.

For menu customization, place your background image as `assets/backgrounds/menu.png`.
If absent, the game falls back to `assets/backgrounds/menu.bmp`.

The game calls the script at runtime to obtain generated text.

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Save sprite index in character save files

README.md, after:

# jeuuuuu

Simple SDL2/SDL2_ttf/SDL2_image project example.

## Requirements

- SDL2
- SDL2_ttf
- SDL2_image
- Make

## Build

```sh
make
```

Artifacts are placed in `build/` and the executable in `bin/arme_fatal`.

## Run

```sh
make run
```

## Lint

```sh
./scripts/lint.sh
```

## Project layout

```
bin/          - built executable
build/        - build directory (ignored)
include/      - public headers
lib/          - external libraries (optional)
scripts/      - helper scripts
src/          - source files
assets/       - game assets such as menu backgrounds
```

## AI Integration

The project includes a `GameAI` helper that invokes `scripts/ai_prompt.py` to
generate text using a local TinyLlama model.

1. Install the Python bindings:

   ```sh
   pip install llama-cpp-python
   ```

   Or build `llama.cpp` manually:

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/ggerganov/llama.cpp
   cd llama.cpp && make
   ```

2. Place the `TinyLlama.Q4_0.gguf` model in the `models/` directory.

For menu customization, place your background image as `assets/backgrounds/menu.png`.
If absent, the game falls back to `assets/backgrounds/menu.bmp`.

To customize the hero, drop a 64×64 sprite sheet named
`hero_sheet.png` in `assets/character_creator/`.

The game calls the script at runtime to obtain generated text.

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
